Junk(1)                     General Commands Manual                    Junk(1)



NAME
       junk - Send files to and manage the user's .junkdir directory.


SYNOPSIS
       junk.sh

       junk.sh [OPTIONS] [FILE(S)]

       junk.sh [OPTIONS] [-r FILE(S)]


DESCRIPTION
       .junkdir acts as a store for files no longer required by the user, this
       allows users to move files from regularly used directories without hav‐
       ing to completely delete these files. junk manages the users .junkdir.

       junk has two modes of operation. When junk is given no arguments a menu
       is displayed, allowing the user to select a function to execute  though
       entering  the  number it corresponds with in the menu. junk also allows
       users to pass in options to carry out different functions.


OPTIONS
       -l      list contents of the users  junk  directory,  along  with  each
               files size in bytes and filetype.

       -r files
               Recover files specified from .junkdir to the current directory.

       -d      Go  through  all files present within the .junkdir and interac‐
               tively delete or ignore each file based  on  user  input  after
               prompt for each file.

       -t      Output  each  users .junkdir storage size then output the total
               size of all user .junkdir  directories  added  together.  If  a
               .junkdir does not exist in a users directory text informing the
               user of this is output to the terminal. Additionally,  if  junk
               is  run  as  super user, .junkdir directories are automatically
               created wherever  they  are  not  present.  However  these  new
               .junkdir  directories  storage sizes are not output and are not
               included in the total size output.

       -w      Execute watch script process in a seperate terminator  terminal
               window.  The watch script displays information about files that
               have been modified, created, deleted or recovered in  the  last
               15 seconds every 15 seconds.

       -k      Kill any watch script processes currently running.

FILES
       /home/USER/bin/.filesDel.txt

       /home/USER/bin/.filesRec.txt

       Files  used by the watch script to get information on files deleted and
       recovered, written to by junk delete and junk recover respectively.

BUGS
       When using the junk kill function, processes matching the same name  as
       the watch script are also killed.

AUTHOR
       Name: Alexander McKenzie | Student ID: S1507940



                                 October 2017                          Junk(1)
